apple launches iOS 6.1 point 3 to the
dreaded jailbreak community the HTC One
gets even more delay confirmations in
sams NC is ready for the galaxy note 3
design I'm Jaime to be better on a hot
day and draining the fact that I don't
really drink on Tuesdays this is
out daily that's right Apple has just
launched iOS 6.1 point 3 to the world
with the public idea of getting rid of
the lockscreen bypass that was detected
on iOS 6 but the real reason is they
figured out how to patch the jailbreak
that was allowed by evasion so our
advice to you is do not upgrade to iOS
6.1 point three until evasion gets
upgraded hopefully now let's talk about
the Galaxy Note 3 we heard rumors of a
device with a 5.9 inch display and also
a 6.3 inch display that's even crazily
possible but interesting news now have
it that AT&T executives are already
looking at dummy units for the design of
the galaxy note 3 which actually is not
good because there are still more than
six months for the device to be launched
meaning that could this be that we're
just going to be getting an iteration of
the galaxy note 2 to the galaxy note 3
pretty much like we got with the galaxy
s4 stay tuned for the rumors and
speaking of samson their VP for mobile
has just confirmed that they are working
on a SmartWatch remember that altius
project that was recently rumored where
they have a proprietary operating system
named altius with the idea of bringing
them a SmartWatch well apparently this
is true but don't you think it would be
even better for that thing to run
Android no rumors on dates but stay
tuned and speaking of weird things
there's a new concept for keyboard
called menu them to come to Android the
idea is that instead of having the whole
keyboard block half the display you
would actually have it at the bottom of
your display you can actually move it
around and it would actually just
scatter all the keys around and it would
still continue keeping the curity layout
meaning it will still predict text just
like pretty much any other curity
keyboard out there now the project is
still not even in beta they're still
trying to gain money but obviously it
bitch to wonder if we really need a
different type of keyboard you never
know and finally for the sad news of the
day the HTC One delays are pretty much
more than
confirmed a company executive just told
the Wall Street Journal of the company's
not only having problems occurring parts
for the camera but also even for the
aluminum design of the chassis and just
think about this apparently according to
the executive the fact that hcc hasn't
really done well in the past quarters
really has a lot to influence in their
relationship with suppliers so that
leads you to the question of the day are
you on your wishlists waiting for the
HTC one is that the vice that you want
obviously with these delays has your
mind changed at all in my particular
case I'm having a hard time deciding
between the galaxy s4 on the HTC One but
leave us a comment down below how many
of you are waiting for this device and
yes for an earlier scoop of everything
that's happening in the smartphone and
tablet roll make sure you follow us on
out comment subscribe to our
YouTube channel as well please give this
video a thumbs up if you liked what you
saw I'm home every better thanks for
watching see you tomorrow